h1. A simple-build-tool 0.11.x plugin for deploying a project

h2. Overview

The sbt-deploy plugin consists of a set of plugins that provide reusable tasks and methods for defining deploy sequences. A deploy sequence is a task that consists of one or more tasks that deploys a distribution to a execution environment. Starting and stopping the service, database migrations, etc. may be part of the deployment process as deploy sequence may consist of user defined tasks.

h2. Installation and usage

Create a file, <code>project/plugins/build.sbt</code>, for plugin library dependencies with the following lines:

<pre>
<code>
  resolvers += "sbt-deploy-repo" at "http://reaktor.github.com/sbt-deploy/maven"

  libraryDependencies += "fi.reaktor" %% "sbt-deploy" % "0.3.0-SNAPSHOT" 
</code>
</pre>

Then, start using the plugin by amending your settings in the build as follows. Note that <code>deploySettings</code> defines a task <code>deploy</code>, which is a sequence of tasks that shall be run in the specified order constrolled by <code>dependsOn</code>.

<pre>
<code>
import sbt._
import sbt.deploy.DeployDistPlugin

object MyProjectBuild extends Build {
  lazy val deploySettings =
    secureConnectivitySettings ++
    packageDistSettings ++
    deployDistSettings ++ Seq(
      user := prodEnvUser,
      host := prodEnvHost,
      instDirParent := prodEnvInstDirParent,
    ) ++ Seq(
      deployDist <<= deployDist dependsOn (deployInitScript),
      deploy <<= Seq(deployDist).dependOn
    )
  lazy val MyProject = Project(
    id = "my-project",
    base = file("."),
    settings = Defaults.defaultSettings ++ deploySettings
  )
  lazy val prodEnvUser = "user"
  lazy val prodEnvHostname = "localhost"
  lazy val prodEnvInstDirParent = new File("/opt/my-project")
}
</code>
</pre>
